well we are halfway through group stage
with day for coming at you with coverage
presented by you Gigi I'm joined right
now by Karen and after a very
interesting match against flash wolves
we were talking a little bit about it
beforehand
you said super easy game for you guys
right hmm I mean I said that it was easy
for me because my top lane there was a
split pushing and we basically knew that
when he got ahead early game that we
could just like relax a bit you know
like take some form if they were
grouping media set around for our life
and just hope we could survive we were
close one time to dive and what they had
to flash might have a beta 4 but maybe
every time us knew if they were like
leaving coming on site and they didn't
like respecting for a good 10 seconds it
gets turret or he can dive the Sion
later as well so we just knew that if
you spare a bit of slow game he can
split push him in the game basically now
correct me if I'm wrong because
sometimes I missed parts of the game
because I'm doing interviews but it does
feel like split-pushing and like the
sideline thing it's just kind of like an
EU thing at this tournament right I mean
the case is like this when they can do
it and I especially when they go gonna
go - sure and your top Lakers in the
game it's pretty good to just like let
him and the game and stuff - Matt not
sure you know so I mean it worked out
for sure but it was like kind of perfect
in order for us as well I would say yeah
I saw it on the interview on the
broadcast basically saying that this has
happened in scrims before you guys have
kind of practiced these moments I don't
I can't remember we actually let them do
natural yeah I don't remember that least
but he was kind of suggesting like the
backdoor nexus thing is maybe about it
before but regardless super fun went for
you guys I'm sure I think a lot of
people expected flash holes to come out
on top with that just because of the way
they've looked so far this tournament
were you at all intimidated going up
against them not really like for me it's
just like we shouldn't focus too much
about who we face which is like try to
play our game and what we are strong at
and if it doesn't work out and we had to
adapt and change for the next games but
if it works then we should stack keep on
doing it and we practice this for like
two three days now because we don't have
that much practice with like each comes
the stuff so we practice a bit like so I
mean it's just pretty hard I would say
to get more practical Sofia not that
much but
I think it's like yeah I don't know I
think we never did this though like we
got to send again like this but yeah I
don't know actually
yeah how confident are you that you guys
are gonna make it out of groups um
pretty confident actually okay I'm
pretty I mean the thing is like how I
was thinking the whole time like
throughout the whole tournament so far
is just playing each game by each game
because it's pretty like the loss they
play three games in a row basically so
everything can happen up there you can
either like cost zero free or you can go
free zero you know like everything can
happen a day and you just have to have
take one game by one game I not get to
teach that if you lose the first one
it's bounced back for a second or
deferred because right now we're in a
pretty good like position to actually
make it out so I just need to like keep
it together and just be have good
preparation for that day do you like
that you like that it's sort of like you
know basically four days I know you only
play three of them but where you play
one game and then like one day it's just
like you either go home or you move on I
mean it's a bit weird because it's like
yeah there's like you make it other
groups which is like the furthest I have
done it at words so it would be like
really nice aureus go home and it would
be like oh yeah that sucks you know so
it's like it's kind of nice but also not
that nice if it makes sense it does it
does what do you think are the chances
of your other you brethren here
I think fnatic is looking pretty strong
I must say like we were screaming them
as well a bit and they there for sure
looking pretty pretty strong I would say
and I think with har they also they had
like some there are some moments with it
for sure look like like they're insane
and then some moments where they just
look like they maybe are trolling or you
don't really know what they're doing but
then they always like managed to turn it
around how would their team fighting cuz
they played pretty well in teamfights so
it's hard to say I think ferati Pro
blessed higher chance but fatality also
has a chance I think and what do you
think of the I have to ask this question
what do you think of the NA teams all
the teams I don't know I mean I think I
didn't actually watch their games if I'm
gonna blow my Swedish I didn't watch
them yeah you saved yourself some pain
and agony I think at least I wish I had
watched them some of them at least we
were talking a little bit before
so what do you think of hisin dog
because we've kind of lifted him up in
North America is Heimerdinger guy yeah I
mean I think I seen some clips of he's
pretty good but they also place against
pretty booster players and I think I'm
I'm betting for sure hammering it like
if you're up for this heist and longer
we can go well more savant Heimerdinger
that would be sick they should try to
make that happen it all starts I know
all service is all about extremes you
can go to all-stars I mean I don't buy
the way that's true that's true there's
no way that they should pull you out for
a special thing okay sumo match for one
that yeah now they don't even announce
it ahead of time they're just like now
we've got a special what you walk out it
gets huizong that'd be sick right make
it happen right I'm reading your
Heimerdinger all right very good other
than that you know how are things going
with the team how are things with GT
with you guys have been here is are you
guys all feeling healthy and good yeah I
mean I think we are pretty like our team
we're always to the hi I mean we had
like from gauntlet we've been playing a
long time back we didn't have that much
break so it's like we still have some
momentum it to be stuck from gauntlet
and planes and we'd never have I have a
break I can buy other teams had like a
break for two three days but we didn't
have any breaks so forth so it's like
getting a bit it's yours in the flow
right time you know in the flow state so
it's like I think everybody's pretty
good yeah speaking of plans by the way
do you feel like you guys got a lot
better after plans because I when I was
there interviewing various and Draco's
after you guys I was in LA and I
interviewed them right after you guys
his match and they were a little worried
about GT you after you guys has matched
their yeah I mean the first game you
were sure didn't we weren't too good at
the end I can agree on that we were a
bit stressed out we were like sure what
to do cuz our gameplay was like snowball
from robot with other sauce based on and
I think that and also via Talia or not
as we will actually fail to the heart of
snowboarding it and then the head is
like a really really really beefy comp
or I call it so I first came to anything
and then the BS looked like we were
really bad but in the end it's like yes
like then we adapted from that idea
because we screaming this a lot and it
works and screams but in the program
stage so then we adapted and now we try
something new again
and then we just like we were skipping
out adapting if something doesn't work
we just change it and do something else
is there anything you want to say to any
of the western fans out there hmm I
would say thank you all for supporting
me even though I got a lot of flame from
a lot of people like doing this woods
and especially oh thanks a lot well
thank you so much for the interview best
of luck and congratulations on the one
that was super hype for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel funny story we are
currently recording this outro in like a
little vending machine booth thing
there's like a roof over the top of me
anyway there's a spiderweb hang out
right in front of Brodin if he moves
just two seconds close they're two
inches what I don't know centimeters I
don't know what they talked it there
he'll get caught by a spiderweb and it's
it's gonna be really complicated for him
and I'm a little worried but you know
what would help Brodin deal with that
spiderweb if we went to you GG because
you know sometimes you got caught in a
spider web of emotions and I don't know
what's happening you just go to the
description you Gigi did you is that
going through the spider I don't
understand you check check them out
there in the description that'll make
sure you never lose champion select
again they're probably gonna have mixed
feelings about this outro in particular
so if you just click through a lot on
this one it might actually help them
because they're gonna be like what what
was that outro but like it's late and
I'm jet lagged and that is a pretty big
spider web oh Jesus